fix broken link (#37121)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/connections/athena.rst

Authenticating to Amazon Athena
---------------------------------

> Authentication may be performed using any of the authentication methods supported by `Amazon Web Services Connection <aws.rst>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication may be performed using any of the authentication methods supported by :ref:`Amazon Web Services Connection <howto/connection:aws>`_.
```

Also same changes required to make 3 times in `athena.rst`
